Python Text Editor
A feature-rich Python-based text editor developed with Tkinter. This editor provides essential text editing functionalities, customizable themes, and file encryption.

Features
Basic Text Editing: Includes Cut, Copy, Paste, Undo, Redo, and more.
File Encryption: Password-protect your files.
Theme Customization: Change background color, text color, cursor color, and opacity.
Word Wrap: Toggle word wrap mode on or off.
Zoom: Adjust text size with zoom in and zoom out.
Find and Replace: Search for and replace text within the document.
Date/Time Insertion: Easily insert the current date and time into your document.
Installation
Ensure you have Python installed on your system. This project requires the cryptography library, which you can install via pip:

bash
Copy code
pip install cryptography
Usage
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/repositoryname.git
cd repositoryname
Run the Application

bash
Copy code
python texteditor.py
Using the Editor

New File: File > New
Open File: File > Open
Save File: File > Save or File > Save As
Set/Remove Password: File > Set Password or File > Remove Password
Change Theme: Use the Theme menu to adjust colors and opacity.
Zoom In/Out: Adjust font size via the View menu.
Theme Customization
Customize the following theme settings:

Background Color: Change the background color of the text area.
Text Color: Change the color of the text.
Cursor Color: Adjust the cursor color.
Opacity: Set the window opacity.
These settings are saved in a theme_settings.json file and will be applied the next time the editor is opened.

File Encryption
You can encrypt files with a password. When saving a file with a password, the content is encrypted using the cryptography library. To open an encrypted file, you must enter the correct password.

Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or submit pull requests if you have suggestions or improvements.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Contact
For questions or support, please open an issue on the repository or contact me via email@example.com.

